Update estimating-usage-costs.mdx for new data pipelines pricing (#12930)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/billing/estimating-usage-costs.mdx

## How am I billed for data pipelines?

Your data pipelines are billed on two things: 

1. The number of rows exported via [Batch exports](/docs/cdp/batch-exports)

> 2. The number of events triggered under [Realtime destinations](/docs/cdp/destinations)

Reviewer: 😆 Oh yah you're right. I'll take care of it, unrelated to this PR. Thanks for pointing it out!

## How am I billed for data pipelines?

> Your data pipelines are billed on two things: the number of rows exported via [Batch exports](/docs/cdp/batch-exports), and the number of events triggered under [Realtime destinations](/docs/cdp/destinations). 

Reviewer 2: nit; since its pricing info, i'd use an explicit list 

```suggestion
Your data pipelines are billed on two things: 

1. The number of rows exported via [Batch exports](/docs/cdp/batch-exports)
2. The number of events triggered under [Realtime destinations](/docs/cdp/destinations)
```
